# Untitled

You’re somewhat doubtful of the 8” tall girl’s claims to be a fairy (some things give cause to doubt: bat wings, tiny horns, the little red trident, the way she cackles with glee whenever a child or small animal is hurt...). But you may give her the benefit of the doubt, since whatever else she’s quite helpful. Jinx seems to be extremely resilient. Her size limits the direct harm she can do, but she has magic, and her words can be devastating. She is very insightful and perceptive, of the physical world, but also the magical and peoples’ characters. Despite her gleefully arrogant personality you notice that she gets a charge out of playing domestic: she brings you coffee, keeps things clean, does light filing, and darns your socks (... sometimes after tearing them so that she has something to darn...).

Thaumaturgy: *~~Demonic~~ Fey Power*

Her Source seems to be metabolic in nature, food turning into internal aether reserves. Jinx has a spectrum of small Talents. She has basic energy manipulation magic that she uses instinctually: heating, chilling, or zapping opponents. She has enough control to use them for things like keeping a drink cold, heating food, or charging a cellphone. She can become magically difficult to perceive, and she has some kind of extra-dimensional storage where she can carry and conjure about ten pounds of stuff. She can make special potions and salts via small rituals: these can pick you up from the depths of tiredness, the grip of hypnosis, or verge of death (or slightly beyond); or poisons that can cause paralysis or delirium.