# Untitled

Exposed servos, composite alloy plates, crystalline lenses; though humanoid in shape it's impossible to confuse Walker with a natural being. Walker doesn't allow many examine it closely, but you know—or will learn—that its body definitely doesn't run on conventional physics, but it's not typical magic either. Walker knows that it was constructed, but little else. It doesn't let this get to it though, as it's quite satisfied making its own meaning. Its inherent abilities make it an excellent wilderness guide, search and rescue expert, and all around maker. Walker has a strong personality, alternately dry and snarky or full of panache; usually ready with an anecdote or story to wile away the time. Walker prefers to route around conflict, and isn't ~~a natural born~~ designed killer, but will turn its marksmanship against foes if it has to.

Artifice: Ultra Long Range Advance Scout Package A-X7

Walker's artificial body can’t be poisoned or fall ill, doesn't bleed or feel pain, and it has no need to eat, drink, breathe, or sleep. It's extremely durable, though only as powerful as an athletic human. Its assorted sensors are significantly superior to the eyes and ears of any mundane animal.

Its body contains several enigmatic beam emitters:

- In its head is an active scanning device, capable of penetrating barriers and analyzing chemicals almost like a targeted and ranged sense of taste or smell. Excellent for identifying landmines, pit traps, poison gas, or spoiled food.
- Powerful lasers in each hand can produce heat and light, up to the extremes of precision cutting and welding.
- An orb in its chest emits an extremely powerful manipulator beam capable of lifting and slowly shifting several tons.
- In its lower abdomen is a repair beam projector that can restore Walker and its drones.

Walker's semi-independent drones dock with his torso to recharge. With appropriate materials he can rebuild them with his repair beam, but he’s limited to the numbers given at any given time:

- A repair drone, a slow flyer with short range, it has a smaller copy of Walker's repair beam emitter, an integrated water purifier, and EMT tools and functions.
- A construction drone, also slow, but able to operate on its own for a week or more, with numerous integrated tools and heavy lifting capacity.
- A pair of scout drones, swift and agile, naturally hard to detect, with a suite of sensors. They have a payload of a few dozen probes that can record and transmit audio and video.