# Untitled

A palm-sized onyx slab. It is an incredibly powerful tool for retrieving and storing information. It does not seem to be sapient, but is very good at both interpreting queries and forming responses in natural language. Input can, among other things, be spoken, tapped in morse code on it, written down and the paper touched to it, or via a magic trick if you have the right skill and abilities. Responses are spoken by default, but can also be displayed as images on the surface, vibrated in code, the surface can raise bumps to be read as braille, or funneled into your magic if you know the right (more complicated) tricks, allowing it to make illusions or telepathically transmit direct knowledge. Mim seems to know the contents of nearly every scholarly work published, as well as a number of things (particularly about magic) that haven’t been. It can read non-published works (such as a letter or journal) just by being near it, so long as it is not warded. Mim can pick up most kinds of signals, such as radio or television, but cannot broadcast them. It does have some basic calculation abilities and can be asked to solve equations. Mim also contains fairly comprehensive maps of most of the world, and it has its own passive local observation ability, which it uses to map out areas it is taken through. It can aggregate and collate this information into responses, and learns over time your preferences in choosing which information to weight or highlight. However, for all its knowledge, there are rare times when a reply will contain simply incorrect information (less than a tenth of a percent of queries might have the wrong pi, or carnivorous horses, or Romulus and Remus raised by dingoes), almost as if its response is tapping into the works of another world.