# Untitled

Her “natural” form is a gelatinous figure of some bluish substance, with crude pseudopod arms, a single pseudopod stalk for locomotion, and a mane of tendrils mimicking hair. Her eyes are pinkish pools that she can move about her body at will. However, she can change forms, and usually does so in public. Her preference is to mimic a non-human, such as a centaur, lamia, or deva (a four-armed, three eyed race of magical beings). But when she’s alone with you she likes being in her natural form. Things she’s said implies she’s one member of an entire race, but she dislikes divulging any information about them. Though in many ways mature, she also possesses an intense, childlike curiosity, and frequently comes across as sheltered. She’s very durable, stronger than humans, and has some natural defensive abilities, but she isn’t particularly trained or talented at combat.

Natural Power: *Metabiology*

A mixture of magic and biology allows her to manipulate her form to mimic almost any humanoid, and related forms. It requires both physical and mystical effort to adopt and hold these forms. This shapeshifting is a supernaturally effective disguise, and can fool both magic and mundane perception. She can adopt forms that excel at certain physical tasks, such as running, climbing, or swimming. In her natural form, her skin is capable of dissolving things by touch, and is capable of eating through stone and metal, producing inert dust. She can store hours worth of oxygen in herself; can purify water as she drinks it; and digest nearly anything, including cellulose (eg, grass or wood).