# Untitled

His flesh may be pallid and held together with stitched sigils, but what flesh! You can tell he lifts even through the heavy black vestments he wears. You catch the occasional whiff of formaldehyde, but Rupert still passes for at least half alive. His knowledge of anatomy, biology, and sports training is excellent, and he would be well pleased to advise you on meeting your fitness goals. Before becoming a full-time thaumaturge he was a forensic mortician. And his supernatural strength disqualifies him, but he was Olympic weight lifter and shot-putter. He's a frankly powerful necromancer and never far from an assortment of hulking undead, but who cares! His squat form is *flawless*. Jovial, with a strong Welsh accent, he delights in his own incongruity.

Thaumaturgy: *Ministry of Graves*

Rupert only grows somber when discussing his religious rituals, observances for the dead, that seem to be the source of his aether. He moves his entire body to cast; he also uses rune covered iron weights, but can do without them at a penalty. He knows a broad selection of tricks, and is especially effective at direct physical effects. He can perform magical autopsies that tell him arbitrary things about the dead and their life. He can animate physical undead, both temporarily and with reservation. He can grant special powers and abilities to physical undead via surgical modifications. He typically reserves over a third of his capacity, maintaining 8 servants with different powers, including ones that can pass for living. Whatever he's done to himself makes him incredibly strong, and able to affect spiritual entities, and he can deflect magical attacks by flexing at them correctly.