# Untitled

Spells:

- You may create a malevolent spirit entity called "the trial". It is roughly person sized, but physically invisible and intangible. During creation you choose for it a target, which it begins to hunt, slowly but implacably. You either must be able to see the target physically, or have some kind of strong link to them such as a quantity of their blood. As the trial nears the target, it causes a number of hallucinations and other psychological effects. Different people react differently, but everyone experiences a pall of darkness and sense of impending doom. Chills, fear, and panic are also common. The target usually begins to hallucinate, perceiving the trial as a horrifying creature, the grim reaper, or the rotting animated corpse of a family member. They also hear paranoia inducing whispers, or a voice berating them for personal failures. Beings that can touch the spirit plane may be able to fight the trial off, but this might cause its effects to bleed into the physical, eg, causing frostbite to the hands and eyes. Those without spiritual defenses must flee, or attempt to withstand the effects. Most who make the latter attempt end up with post traumatic stress reactions.
- You create something like a large, diffuse trial, a spiritual quagmire centered on yourself. It induces a hallucination of a lightless, airless, cold and bitter void. Most people will be deeply disoriented and unable to react to attacks or pursue their own. Note that even though you're resistant to it, you're not immune. Those outside the effect perceive a dome of shadow.