# Untitled

Some *thing* has loaned you a replacement for your left arm, with the eerie power to disrupt magic. It melds seamlessly into the flesh around your shoulder, black and glass smooth, humanoid, but over long, with a remarkably elegant hand, it's  physical properties defy coherent measurement. It doesn't feel cold to you, but does to others. Its weight doesn't strain you, yet throws off your balance. Your sense of touch works, quite well in fact, but feel no pain through it. It moves as you will it, better perhaps: you're ambidextrous now. It moves on its own only to aid you; snaking out to prevent a fall or block an attack. It is significantly stronger than a human arm, and *never* tires (though the same cannot be said for the rest of your body). It borders on immune to force, and should it be harmed, even rendered into shadowy motes, it needs only 8 hours to rebuild itself from nothing. Metagliss ignores, weakens, or distorts hostile magic. It simply ignores wards and defenses; it is invisible to divination; telekinetic magic attempting to *indirectly* affect the arm (eg, wrapping chain around it) spasms out of control; and it can volley most attack magic back to the caster. Only magic specialized in true destruction, such as Sword of the Art, can even hope to magically harm Metagliss. By gripping just so, it/you can seize up the magic in people or things, preventing thaumaturges from casting, magic items from working, etc. It will obligingly allow some of your magic to affect it, such as changing shape or size, but always retains its odd appearance: long and obsidian. It shifts uneasily when you sleep; like it's seeking something. It's been loaned to you for a reason.