# Untitled

This primordial spirit is the locus of the entire biosphere of Earth, and, like it or not, has chosen you as its representative in the material world. It influences nature, and can temporarily infuse a person or place with vast power. As usual, those who can perceive the spiritual give different descriptions, but the theme of deadly, primeval wilderness is clear; eg, a bear with moss fur, a cloak of thorned vines, and in place of its head a deer skull with flowering branches for antlers. Its strength is diminished—but by no means absent!—the less wild an area is; but even at its weakest it can defend you from most any spiritual threat. So long as the biosphere exists it cannot be permanently destroyed, or even long contained. It is in continuous harmonious contact with all the flora and fauna in the world. It will not outright defy the course of nature, but its power bends it: the attention of dangerous animals or angry insects, course of disease, even subtle motions of plants, all towards your weal and your opposition's woe. What information it can pass on it will, via psychedelic impressions; though squirrels and mushrooms don't reliably notice things useful to a human. It will also offer advice from its strange but ancient perspective; it may not fit your stereotypes of "nature spirit's advice"; remember that plagues, poison and predation are all natural. Many beings attuned to nature will treat you as a dignitary. Just being near it you are baptized by its power, becoming hardier; but it can also pour a torrent of primal energy into an individual or small region of nature. A person enters a berserker frenzy; though still able to tell friend from foe, they feel no pain, casually shrug off wounds, drugs, and curses, and their supernatural influx of strength, endurance, and brutality cannot be stopped until every threat is neutralized, or they are. An empowered land rages similarly, every animal enraged, and plants and weather supernaturally motivated to destroy. This power must be used sparingly, as venting nature's wrath has far-reaching costs and consequences.