# Untitled

Woven through human myth and legend are entities that live in spaces just offset from true reality: enigmatic, mercurial tricksters, often cruel but always playful. And their eyes are all on you. Despite their intrusive presence in your life, you don't know if they are truly the origins of those stories, or are something stranger, playing a role for some eldritch purpose. Trickster animals, household dwarfs, towering cannibals, and many more, they come in endless varieties, temperaments and powers. Many aid you, others at least spare you their worst attentions. You frequently find your possessions cleaned and repaired, advice from curiously helpful strangers, and needful gifts at just the right time. Nothing can save your enemies when the wild hunt rides or the hundred demon's parade tours. Additionally, you have some fraction of the fey gift: whether inborn or a boon from your faerie godmother, you can feel the "edges" of reality. You can detect when space or time is distorted, or the veil is thin, when some spirits use their powers, and you may be able to slip through barriers no others could. In particular, at crossroads and cave entrances and other liminal thresholds, you can find the entrances to their domains, and even have permission to take shelter there—or more importantly: leave without harm (Allies are extended the same courtesy, but no others). You could even travel to their elegantly terrifying courts, play their capricious games and possibly win aid, boons, and secrets of magic undreamt of by mortals; or lose similarly unimaginable things.