# Untitled

Some would be frightened by awakening to the voices of otherworldly beings, but you knew you had found yourself among friends. You are the host of an ecosystem (a micro-thauome) of sub-sapient spiritual beings. You draw aether and pour it into them with your intention, and it is them that molds the aether into a magical effect. Your “skill” with theurgy, as it were, is a matter of the health of your spirits, and your rapport with them, so the best theurgists are usually the type of person that's good with plants and animals. Communing with your spirits and making small offerings to them also helps with this. As more natural magic-users than humans, the spirits’ magical efforts never outright fail; and are usually faster and more energy efficient than typical casters, however, they are often not exactly the results you intended. Theurges typically accompany casting with vocalization, gestures, and small offerings appropriate to the effect to help direct them, but none of these are strictly necessary. In fact, if they need to, your spirits can draw aether through your conduit and create a magical effect without your intervention at all. You will often be surrounded by clouds of small pebbles, flower petals, lights and such and the like as your spirits play, but it is possible to suppress this when necessary. If you tend your spirits well, they can perform small services for you, such as short range telekinesis, lighting fires, etc (they are quite limited in range and strength without aether though). Teaching your spirits tricks is difficult, usually requiring they be fully demonstrated multiple times, but once they understand what you want, they’re quite good at them.

As stated above, your spirits are more naturally capable of casting than humans, on the other hand, they are not intelligent, and it's sometimes a roll of the dice for whether or not they understand what you want. Particularly complex and subtle ideas need much more time to clearly communicate and visualize.