# Untitled

Spells:

- You can cast spells to open and enforce a microbial incubation chamber within yourself. This works even if you don’t have flesh or a microbial system. You gain spells to create, nourish, and augment the microbes you incubate. The number of microbes you hold is limited by the size of your incubation chamber, but skill with this Talent can increase the size of this chamber over a long enough period of attentive care.
- You know a spell to withdraw some portion of your incubated microbes. These microbes can either be deployed inside your own body, or expelled from anywhere in your skin. Once deployed, you maintain no magical connection to them beyond any other senses you might have (such as the inherent sense granted by this Talent). Once deployed, the microbes cannot be returned to the incubation chamber. In this passive deployed state, these microbes can last weeks in a willing host; and hours in an unwilling one.
- When touching a living being that is host to your microbes, you can cast powerful diagnostic spells. The level of detail you get depends on the density of passive microbes within the host; but at its upper range is significantly better than any existing medical technology. But be aware that while more powerful and nuanced than an MRI or other technology, these impressions can be difficult to interpret fully without medical knowledge.
- You know spells to activate your passive deployed microbes to influence their host’s biological functions in positive ways. Microbes can be set to encourage or discourage health; bolster or undermine the immune system; relieve or induce pain or stiffness; sedate or arouse; induce euphoria or stimulation; and much more. A baseline is that you can do much of what over-the-counter drugs could do, but better, faster, and with fewer side effects. However, you don't directly control flesh. You can improve or diminish an organ's function, but can't make it wither; you can't reknit the flesh of a wound, but you can make it heal as fast and thoroughly as humanly possible. When activated, microbes expend their power quickly and perish. The definition of what is a considered a “positive” change is a complex calculation that includes both intent and outcome; it may be possible to circumvent in minor ways (i.e. inflight a small harm in order to allow a much greater benefit), but it cannot be wholly ignored.