# Untitled

Spells: The Imposition of Moral Order spells are most extremely fast and require little aether. Skill improves divination results, but otherwise mostly applies when opposed.

- Reification of Debt: When one either benefits or “unjustly” harms you, you can create a kind of magical bond to them which can be used in various ways. Debts have magnitudes. The more direct and obvious, and the greater the effect of the action, the greater the magnitude. The longer it’s been since the inspiring action, and the less you know about the person inspiring it (identity, location, etc), the weaker. Harms include physical assault, lying, failure to adhere to a promise, reckless endangerment, stealing, etc. Benefits include gifts, favors, healing someone, or saving them from danger (even if it’s in the line of duty).
- Debts can be transferred and exchanged in various ways; sometimes even with people who lack the Imposition, though you must have a debt on them for that, and they usually need to consent. This allows, for example, “buying” debts against them by other people.
- Arguments: You can strengthen, weaken, or even annul debts based on “legalistic” arguments. These happen almost faster than thought, so a savvy caster should practice all the cleverness they can ahead of time. Obvious examples of cases you could annul: injuring someone and then healing them shouldn’t produce a debt, nor should provoking someone to attack you (or if they do, it should be in the other direction!). Cases where the debt can be at least reduced: doing one’s job (correctly), a favor the recipient didn’t ask for and don’t particularly want, or choosing not to kill someone even though they annoyed you and you could’ve. If you have a debt with someone, you can become their “defender”, and cast argumentation spells on their behalf; in this case some aether is required for range ( even “on another continent” doesn’t take a lot).
- Debt divination: a small amount of debt can be consumed by a spell to learn things about the source, such as their location or personal details (this has global range and ignores most wards).
- Most importantly, consuming some of a debt as part of another spell targeting the source of the debt can enhance the spell beyond the limits of normal thaumaturgy, sometimes achieving effects no amount of aether could. Debt enhanced spells can work at extreme range (other side of the world is not out of the question), can defeat barriers and defenses, or can have greatly improved skill effects and/or greatly increased efficiency.