# Untitled

It fills you, inspires you, your blood pulses with its will. You have made contact with an enigmatic being of fire's essence, perhaps the platonic spirit of flame itself. It will provide you with a strong flow of pure aether whenever you want and wherever you are… but only so long as you abide by its capricious stipulations. Its requests don’t appear to follow any particular logic and only rarely any kind of plan. They can be inconvenient, and are often demanding, but you will never be asked the impossible, or to maim yourself, and only rarely something that implies notable harm to you or others. There are never any “trick” conditions, you’ll know exactly what to do. The more closely you hold to the requirements, the more readily the aether flows through you, but also vice versa. Intensive dedication, perfectly meeting every request for two years straight, allows you to reach a point where a given strength draw obtains more than twice as much aether as Arcane Font in reference conditions. You can fall rapidly from this height, and willfully ignoring the conditions can almost arbitrarily decrease efficiency. Proportional to your dedication, the Heart also renders you more resistant to heat, cold, and ionizing radiation.

Example conducts: eat only animal flesh until you have consumed triple your own weight; do not engage in sexual activity until the new moon; gain at least ten pounds before the next time you dance; bleed yourself into a fire; do not trade money or goods for clothing of any sort until the equinox; move as little and slowly as possible until further notice (which may be one or twenty hours away).

*Fire that's closest kept burns most of all.*

—William Shakespeare