# Untitled

This grizzled old man of indistinct ethnicity tells you he is a thousand years old (whether you believe him or not is up to you, but he sure does seem to have an intimate knowledge of history). Whatever else, he is certainly a polymath of rare talent, with a stock of knowledge both broad and deep. He is a natural teacher and would love to instruct you in science, mathematics, philosophy, history, engineering, the humanities, medicine, art, or nearly anything else. He even knows martial arts, and can train you in those, those his preference is to do it for wellness rather than kicking ass. He's fluent in enough languages you have to specify how to count them (200 or so)! Despite his appearance, he's as spry as a youth, strong and enduring.

Thaumaturgy: Supplicant of the Path

Ambrocio draws from an internal well of aether that he recharges on its own, and casts by meditation or by scrawling characters on a surface (he keeps ink and papers for this, but in a pinch can even use his toe to scrawl lines in the dirt). His knowledge of tricks is as broad as the rest of his learning, and he uses them effectively; he can probably teach you many, whatever your Method. He has a spell he uses on himself daily to maintains his health. He can recover from nearly any trauma, even regrowing a limb, though it will take a month. He can cast spells that can improve focus, impart energy, and aid recovery, and ones that let him sense and interact with spirits. His martial arts seem to have supernatural aspects.