# Untitled

Spells:

- You can cast spells that spin threads out of darkness. There must be sufficient darkness or shadow to do this. You can keep one skein of this magical substance in existence for free, additional ones with rising costs. But note that light degrades them. Noon sun will destroy them in 15 minutes, slower proportionally.
- Barely a spell at all, you can manipulate the shadow thread, directing it with your will, letting you snag things, fish, make nigh-invisible trip-wires, or even braid into thicker yarns, cords, ropes that you could use to climb or to bind. If you know a bit of weaving you can make cloth.
- You can still the magic in the shadow threads, making it become something more mundane, but permanent. It remains much stronger than normal fibers, though, eg, it wouldn't produce a bullet proof shirt; and light still damages it rapidly. It is always almost strangely silent. Clothing made of shadow is cool, smooth and comfortable, and helps the wearer fade into shadows.
- Additionally, choose one of the following three categories, (it can’t be changed later):
    - You can cast spells that weave a full skein into a gossamer veil that allows hiding and moving through shadow. It can be up to several meters square. Things draped in it partially merge into shadow, becoming nearly indetectable to all sense save touch, even magical ones, so long as it's dark enough. If it's the creator, they can even slide through small gaps [specify].
    - You can cast spells that braid a skein into a fine net with supernatural binding abilities. It can be up to three meters across. You may choose to remain connected to it by a thread of shadow, allowing you to control it with the other Umbral Skein spells. It is extremely difficult to see, and is so light it practically floats when you fling it. A basic net clings and tangles well, but with skill and aether it can block sight, muffle sounds, confuse senses, and even sap strength with bitter cold.
    - You can cast spells that cause a skein split up and carefully attach to an appropriately sized and shaped object, turning it into a magical marionette. If the object is light enough, it can hang from and swing on its strings; above that limit, it must have integral hinges or flexible parts to be able to move. You may choose to remain connected to it by your nearly invisible threads, or can render it autonomous, but in this case it can only follow simple orders, and has limited dexterity.