# Untitled

Lola was on track for a 5.0 in MIT’s CSEE program before she awakened her thaumaturgy and dropped out. Scrawny, young, and frequently distracted, it's easy to underestimate the danger she poses, but this prodigy has flourished in the chaos that magic has wrought in the technological landscape. (She does jog and shower regularly; she’d hate to be a stereotype.) She may not be interested in hurting people, but thinks laws are kind of polite suggestions, which is why she's happy to find information you need, no matter how. Her magic helps but she doesn't need it to have her way with the servers out there. Funny enough, most of her money is above board, from patents, coding bounties, custom hardware sales and similar. She's generous with it too, ready to spend it for travel, or to play Q and outfit you with comm-gear and spy-tech. She'll insist you and any other allies use her custom built smartphones.

Thaumaturgy: *Technopath*

Lola needs to store up aether somewhere with an electrical field, and she can also discharge it like a taser. She casts by inputting pseudo-programs on any turing complete device. Her Method penalizes creation of direct force effects, but benefits divination and similar. She knows a small handful of divination and convenience tricks, one that acts like powered rollerblades, a chameleon chamouflage, and a stunning ball. Inherent properties let her sense electricity and computers. Her Talents let her inject code with a touch and crack encryption. She can access cameras on the network and magically "hop" to other devices visible from that one; this form of clairvoyance has high stealth, by hiding in things and using mundane sensors it’s nearly undetectable. She can build electronic devices that exceed the state of the art in subtle ways, with better performance, durability, and/or efficiency. People are growing wise to magic and warding their networks; Lola is not unchallenged in the realm of 1s and 0s, but she's easily among the best at what she does.