# Untitled

Spells:

- Over the course of several hours minimum, you can cast spells while you remove the skin of an animal and turn it into a tool of magic. The creature must be very recently dead, or can be killed during the casting; if the creature is very large (eg, elephant or whale), you only need to prepare a mantle sized portion. The creature must weigh at least an ounce. The spells and process preserve the skin, enhance its durability, and cause a strange, obviously magical pattern to appear on the inner surface. With average capacity and skill, this reserves about 5% of your capacity.
- You can cast spells that allow you to don one of your own prepared skins and physically become the animal from which it was taken (you are even a DNA match). If the animal is your size or larger, the transformation may absorb a couple pounds of clothing, but a smaller animal or more mass causes the spell to fail. You retain your consciousness, and gain the animal's abilities and senses (if the animal lacks a sense, you also lack it). You gain many of the animal's instincts, proportional to the quality of the spell that prepared the skin. A very well made skin would make you a better, eg, flier than the original bird, or a better scent tracker than the bloodhound, while a poorly prepared deer skin might have you tangling your hooves, or you could be a dolphin with a poor understanding of how long you can hold your breath. You do not gain specific memories, nor any supernatural properties the animal had (this renders some skins unusable). When the spell ends you are returned to human form, if you are in a space too small for your human body this could be fatal. You are able to use your thaumaturgy in theory, but many Methods become at least difficult in another body; eg, a pyromancer would need to learn how to speak the language of flame with a syrinx to cast as a bird.