# Untitled

Tools and devices hum beneath your touch, eager to release their power. As an Artificer, you fashion strange devices that can channel your aether and create magical effects. Those most compatible with Artifice have an engineering mindset, a willingness to tinker and experiment even when they’re uncertain about the underlying theory, to try to get the most out of a given design. Improving aether control happens in the workshop, trying out new designs and components; field testing provides valuable insights, an artificer that doesn't spend time in the shop never improves.Your tools are obviously not mundane devices whether to mundane or magical senses, and when activated it’s usually obvious that they’re the source of a magical effect. Your devices are specific to you: you can’t use ones made by other artificers, nor they yours. You must be able to operate your device (at the very least touch a button) to empower it. Artificer devices are each a balancing act. Making them larger (up to non-portable), or of more expensive and fragile materials can make them more efficient at using aether, and capable of more complex effects. Making one device capable of more effects makes it slower and harder to use; for example an instant-on, one-button effect is extremely limited in scope, while a device that can do any spell you can cast would require hours of programming-like interaction for each one. Artificers gain an instinctive understanding of how to design and work with objects in 3D space. Artificers usually find it trivial to make devices for tricks with simple physical effects.

Artifice has mild benefits to magic that has direct physical effects (eg, telekinesis), and slight penalties with ones that are the most spiritual or indirect in nature (eg, Sortition, curses).