# Untitled

Your spellwork is born from stitching, carving, and scribing; your will manifest and interred in paper, clay or cloth. You fashion your spells ahead of time as talismans: scrolls, rune-covered strips of bark, hand-fashioned fetishes, or similar. More than anything else, the ability to sustain focus and attention predicts success with Scrivening, though some would say an artistic sensibility is as important. The same deliberate practice that improves any work of physical art improves your ability to embed aether in it. Scriveners cast their magic in two separate steps. First you create your talisman: you don’t draw aether for this, but reserve some of your conduit to create a “mold” which will later form the aether for you. The reservation takes about half as much as casting this effect would with other Methods. Second, you activate the talisman by channeling aether (half as much as other Methods) into the talisman as you burn, break, tear or pierce it; destroying the talisman and activating the effect. This also frees the reservation. Because of this, Scriveners are much less likely to incur tax, but instead must deal with significant parts of their conduit being reserved. The magical effect is set when you create the talisman; making a magical effect more open ended (eg, a variable duration, variable power, capable of following directions after initial setting) reserves more conduit. Making a talisman is a slow and steady endeavour, and works best with carefully selected tools and materials, it takes several times longer than casting with most other Methods, but activation is nearly instant. You have a sense of where your talismans are (exactly if it’s within a few meters) and what spells they contain.