# Untitled

Strange unknowable geometries congeal; knowledge itself runs in strange torrents to a place that is not a place, and manifest in the grasp of an entity beyond knowing. You perceive it as a clotted orb of eyes, but know that this is only a surface seeming that your brain uses to protect you. It has granted you a sacred boon: the right to, with a small non-magical ritual and offering of value, enter its domain and seek knowledge. The Knowing One can answer *literally any* coherent question to your satisfaction... so long as you can pay the price. Mundane questions ("Where is the amulet I seek?") have mundane prices (goods, services, etc), while esoteric and magically significant ones might demand equally metaphysical things (charge a crystal with a megaCirce, lose some of your memories, take parts of people's souls, collect genuine worship, etc). Precise knowledge of the future and similar speculative questions might be nearly impossible to acquire (eg, "Without any form of coercion, convince 7 billion people to give you one of their eyes.") The Knowing One doesn't play games or twist your words, but equally cannot be fast-talked or manipulated. As much as it can without revealing other information, it will work with you to find the right question, or a version of it with a price you're willing to pay. When you've assembled the payment (ie, immediately if you have it on you), it can instantly exchange it for the knowledge you are after, provided as speech, a written or digital document, or implanted directly into your mind. This last is more expensive, but can be useful for implanting resilient memories.