# Untitled

A handsome man of middle years, he is always in an immaculate, embroidered suit, and never has a hair out of place. Jason's dream has always been helping others fulfill their own dreams; and in his speach you feel the passion he holds for it. Jason is a consumate diplomat and ombudsman, with natural but exemplary abilities to understand people and communicate so that others understand him. He is also a born administrator, both capable of and interested in wrangling schedules and managing details, and able to improvise when things inevitably go awry. He has both magical and mundane abilities to find the best person for any job, and usually has them contacted before you even realize you need them. Wang has made a vow of pacifism, but this is for personal reasons, and he won't trouble you for your own choices regarding violence.

Thaumaturgy: *Acumen*

Jason draws aether from a spirit market, and casts with focused will. He knows a variety of useful tricks, and has a collection of mental and information oriented Talents. Combining casting with a good head for languages (he's trilingual) he's become a master at magic translation. His divination Talents allow him to rapidly and effectively find and summarize useful information from piles of documents and books, or even the Internet. He has a sixth sense and spells for telling how good someone is at their job, or how well people will work together.  He can even use divination on his own memories; as well as accelerate his thinking slightly, multitask perfectly, and get by with less sleep. Inherent properties make him resistant to all forms of mind reading or manipulation, and he can cast spells to "ward" specific memories: not only is impossible to use magic to read them, the spell prevents him from divulging them even under coercion or by accident.