# Untitled

All the prophets across the world have seen the most final, absolute bleakness that rests in the future. The sun itself is bleeding, even now a hallucinatory corona of dark red seems to drip off of it. In approximately 22 years, the Black Sun will rise; but even now a strange and terrible essence leaks into the world. A sense of unease and dread suffuses everyday life. Ghosts are more real, delusions are commonplace, but tongues are stifled about the things happening as minds are bent by the strange power. It’s unclear, even as the sun begins to dim every day, whether the horrible things that are happening to people are born from their own minds or from beyond the world. People begin dying en masse, all over the world, perhaps simply by losing their will to live.

As the time of dawning grows closer, more… physically real dangers also afflict the world: strange and unreal monsters whose mere presence is damaging to the bodies and minds of natural beings around them. The true horror is when you realize that these aren’t the danger posed by the Black Sun, these are something like sharks driven ahead of a tsunami.

Without intervention, everyone on earth *will* die, and they will die in darkness, under a red-stained sun.

*Boons*

You go crazy a little more slowly than everyone else. You get [a lot more points]. It will not be enough.

*Victory*

Victory is achieved if there exists a viable breeding population of humans (at least 500 people in one place) after the setting of the Black Sun (it’s unclear when this will be, years or maybe even decades after it rises?).

As for rewards, being alive isn’t enough for you!? Well good, because *everyone* who survives gains the following Thaumaturgy:

### Per Aspera Ad Astra

Those that survive the Black Sun emerge stronger for it. All who have lived under the bleeding skies live richer and longer lives now that the stars shine clear. Aether is drawn from the pool of humanity's strength and wisdom, from its shared experiences, and this aether can be effortlessly shaped into tricks or spells of protection, creation, healing, or binding. Intuitive, automatic personal healing means every possessor’s lifespan is greatly extended, likely centuries barring violent death; they’re hardier and stronger than baseline humanity. Per Aspera ad Astra grants an empathic bond between everyone who wields it. Humanity will be more peaceful, more willing to see the good in others, more united against external threats. Per Aspera ad Astra breeds true: the children of someone with it will always inherit it. The accumulation of power leads to each generation growing stronger than the one before. In the distant future, when evolution and progress both magical and scientific has scattered humans of every shape, size, and paradigm to every burning star in the night sky; even then, some spark of this power will remain.