# Untitled

Spells:

- You can cast a spell that takes a snapshot of your current body, with some minor corrections (eg, removes temporary injuries, present acne, inflammations, etc), and transforms you into one of the Stilled (see below) using this as a template.

### *The Stilled*

Slightly faster than once per second, as long as they are still alive, a stilled ones body is mostly reverted to its template. This reversion includes wounds as extensive as entire limbs being reduced to pulp, organ removal, etc. In most incarnations of the Unchanging Form spell, the template includes a special section for memories and reflexes that are added to the central nervous system during reversion. This allows them to remember new things and learn new skills, though they will not gain physical strength or endurance.

If an injury either removes the flesh and takes it too far from the stilled one’s center of mass, or chemically transforms their flesh (eg, acid or fire), the magic won’t be able to revert it, and will generate a “pseudoflesh” replacement that is more fragile and feels strange. Eating food (or some kinds of healing magic) will quickly replace the pseudoflesh with real flesh. A stilled one has a limited capacity of pseudoflesh they can generate at one time (approximately twice an average human’s mass), and if this is exceeded, they will fall into a recuperative coma easily mistaken for death, as the capacity is refilled. The Stilled will die if they are killed, but due to the rapidity that rearranged flesh is put back where it goes or pseudoflesh replaces it, death does not come readily.

Suffocation, dehydration and starvation result in protracted full-body pain, and eventually lead to bouts of recuperative coma between painful periods of wakefulness.

The reversion doesn’t remove, eg, poisons, drugs, or disease in the stilled ones body, but it does revert any damage they’ve done so far. Stilled ones have interesting experiences with illness, because they do not develop new antibodies, but rapidly starve out infections anyways. They are also immune to viruses, as these attempt to integrate into a cell, becoming part of it, and are thus reverted immediately.

The stilled template change overrides magic that causes physical transformation (eg, Call of the Deep, Skinchanger, Baleful Polymorph, magic poison that turns you into crystal), for good or ill.

[about a paragraph of details about limits and opportunities from template editing]