# Untitled

In strange vales outside of mundane reality, a few hundred cyclopean beings fashion and maintain the foundations of our world. For long eons mortal affairs were irrelevant to them; right until you came around. Their minds are alien, their intentions opaque, but it is unambiguous that they seek you out, and safeguard your life. The smallest are like walking hills, the tallest part clouds as they walk; humanoid in shape but carved of stone or earth, their bodies choked with forest, or coral, or enigmatic ruins. You never learn how to call them, but a couple times a week the sky darkens, the earth shakes, and there one is, stepping out of the mist. Apparently just to hang out? Most of the time they use some glamour that diverts attention from them, and they usually remember to somehow step "around" buildings and cars in a direction you can't see. But not every time. Sometimes instead of following you around, they will gently snatch you up and carry you through their realm to some distant place: it's just that important you witness a new volcanic island, or the menhir they're building on the ocean floor. They usually put you where they found you after an hour or three. Usually. You eventually learn some ways to communicate with them, through pantomime and objects:

- One will carry you around, and mostly go where you point. Sitting on one shields you from attention and keeps you safe and comfortable even under water, near magma, or at high altitudes.
- If you have some rock from the area, one will usually take you somewhere distant, they can cross the Earth in a couple hours.
- You can reliably get them to build stone buildings, or dig trenches or caves.
- They'll also move things around for you, like cars or buildings, but don't always know how to be gentle with them.
- More often than not you can convince them to change the weather or tides; but it'll be a while before they do it again, and the result can be more violent than intended.
- For some reason, they often visit you if an earthquake or volcanic eruption is immanent; you can tell when by the way they act, and you can get them to delay it a little while. You might rarely get them to create one.

They always know when you have potentially lethal force directed at you, or are in danger of starving, drowning, etc. They usually just remove you from the situation, whether you want to stay or not, but every now and they lash out with apocalyptic force. You'll never forget when one literally hurled a pickpocket over the horizon. The man still had your wallet. Harming them is impossible without magic, and very difficult even with. If you frequently get into fights with the same enemies, they seem to decide that's what you want for yourself, and stop intervening.