# Untitled

Being obviously constructed of metal and composites, Walker cannot be confused for a natural being, appearing as some sort of magical robot or a techno-artifice golem. Walker knows that it was intentionally constructed, but doesn’t know by whom, where, when, or especially for what purpose. In spite of the existential angst that this sometimes engenders, Walker has a strong personality, full of panache. Additionally, it has extensive knowledge of engineering (civil, mechanical, biological), construction, and wilderness survival. It makes an excellent guide, and can help humans survive in the wilderness and wastelands readily. While not adverse to fighting, it has no particular expertise in it.

Natural Power: Wilderness Scout Package X1

Walker has many of the advantages one would expect of a construct: it doesn't bleed, feel pain, can’t be poisoned or fall ill, and doesn't need to sleep, eat, or breathe (though it does need an occasional top-up of electricity, which it usually gets through embedded solar panels). It posesses a broad array of artifice tools, and while it can repair itself and its devices, it cannot create new ones. Though it does not appear to actively draw aether, the effects its tools produce are, at least, sufficiently advanced technology. Foremost among them is a techno-artifice variation of Dark Smoke, a Talent that produces a nanoswarm that specializes in large-scale terrain manipulation. This swarm is powerful, able to break apart and shape stone and metal and work both at large scale and with fine detail, but can't be set to autonomous tasks. Walker also contains a comprehensive library of data about exploration, survival, engineering, construction, and more. Its tools include a comprehensive sensory suite with broad spectrum hearing, optic scanners, chemical analyzers and direct life sensor; a fleet of flying reconnaissance micro-drones (which can repair each other and Walker); a manufactory that can transform raw materials into small explosives, ammo, ropes, small tools and medicines; a selection of cutting and shaping tools; and a short range fire ignition beam.