# Untitled

It fills you, inspires you, your blood pulses with its will. You have made contact with an enigmatic being of fire's essence, perhaps the platonic spirit of flame itself. It will provide you with a strong flow of pure aether whenever you want and wherever you are… but only so long as you abide by its capricious stipulations. Its requests don’t follow any logic or plan a mortal mind can grasp. They can be inconvenient, and are often demanding, but you will never be asked the impossible, or to maim yourself, and only rarely something that implies notable harm to you or other sophonts. If you abide by certain codes of conduct *adamantly* (eg, veganism, pacifism, chastity, keeping kosher) the Heart of Flame will respect it. There are never any “trick” conditions, you will intuitively understand just what is asked of you, but don't expect to find loopholes either. The more closely you hold to the requirements, the more readily the aether flows through you, but also vice versa. Intensive dedication, perfectly meeting every request for multiple years allows you to reach a point where a given strength draw obtains more than twice as much aether as Arcane Font in reference conditions. You can fall rapidly from this height, and willfully ignoring the conditions can render Heart of Flame unusable within weeks. Proportional to your dedication, the Heart also renders you more resistant to heat, cold, and ionizing radiation.

Example conducts: eat only animal flesh until you have consumed triple your own weight; do not engage in sexual activity until the new moon; gain at least ten pounds before the next time you dance; bleed yourself into a fire; do not trade money or goods for clothing of any sort until the equinox; move as little and slowly as possible until further notice (which may be one or twenty hours away).