# Untitled

An obviously unnatural creature, the mount is a horse-sized conglomeration of warped flesh and bizarre machine. It is not even truly sentient, but its control structures grant it a highly functional ability to process and execute orders. It has recognized you as its commander and will serve as you demand.

Natural(?) Power: Aberrant Design

The mount is extremely durable, very strong, indefatigable, and highly nimble. It's an excellent climber, fast runner (~140mph even over rough terrain), and extremely fast swimmer (~320mph). It's eyesight is not high resolution and sees few colors, but it is extremely sensitive to motion, has 360° coverage, and excellent night vision. Its hearing is superlative and it has active and passive sonar underwater. Its skin is sensitive to EM radiation and it can pick up, record and translate most types of broadcast signal. Its forelimbs are digging tools, and manipulator limbs allow it to use weapons. It does not need to sleep. Its power comes from a small, well shielded nuclear battery, good for 80+ years, but it needs to eat occasionally to repair its systems—it requires a fair amount of tungsten. It can restore a lost limb in about a day. As long as its control core (about the size of a breadbox) is basically intact, it can repair its entire body from nothing else with sufficient materials (if you can't get enough radioactive material, it can get by with power from nearly any food), and a few weeks.

It can open an orifice on its front that can fit your entire lower body. Once inside, it securely grips you (or other designated operator), and synchronizes with your nervous system. You look like a freakish centauroid, but act not just as one being, but better, able to act in perfect concert with two sets of senses and extra limbs. In this form it somehow shields you from pressure and provides you up to six hours of air while underwater.