# Untitled

- You may yourself choose to walk through that door. You can cast a spell that changes you fundamentally. The first time you die after this, you animate your own corpse, becoming one of the Preserved (see below).
- You may turn an appropriate vessel into a preservation jar, an object that anchors the soul of a Preserved to this world. A preserved may, at any time, instantly, from anywhere in existence, send their soul to their jar. You may only have one in existence at a time. Preparing a container takes at least a day of work, and traditionally contains preserved organs, though there are other possibilities. The container needs to be at least eight quarts. Its durability is supernaturally improved.
- ^You may grant the undead you animate minor magical enhancements, such as an aura of fear or draining life force with a touch.

### *The Preserved*

The preserved are sapient beings whose independent existence have been magically extended into undeath. There are varieties of preserved; the following focuses on a typical, relatively young, ex-human preserved. (A new preserved needs at least a year to gain their undeath sealegs.)

A preserved one must occupy a corpse, but they are not the physical thing, rather a kind of force or spirit. Outside a body they are impotent, unable to move, unable to access their conduit, unable to even sense anything except corpses within about ten meters (nb: even inside a preservation jar). But if there is most of a corpse of a sentient humanoid, they can animate it. It takes about five minutes to fully anchor to a body. Note that they can move directly from one body to another without having to unanchor. If it qualifies, they can take over the body of nonsapient undead, but not intelligent ones.

Existing as an animated corpse is different from living. A preserved still has emotions, but they detached, less visceral. They don't feel pain, they never feel tired, or sleepy, or thirsty, or hungry. They have no need to eat or breathe, and obviously no poison, drug, or disease affects them.

Their senses are much like a human's, though sight and hearing are clearer, touch is dull and smell nonexistent (meaning their taste is also extremely limited).

Their animating power has limits: they have a sort of "stamina" that they must use to animate their body, even to do so little as speak. It slowly but steadily accumulates, reaching a max in about 12 hours; which is enough for about 12 hours of continuous light activity (such as walking or handicrafts). They must burn it faster for more strength, but are not subject to human limits, letting them pulverize stone or rend steel if they burn hours worth in a second. They also use stamina to repair their bodies (which requires will but not concentration): being mangled doesn't impair their function—short of limb loss—but when a corpse becomes too damaged, they can no longer animate it. They can heal simple cuts and tears and breaks, or even reattach limbs in moments (they can even attach parts of other corpses to restore themselves).

Absolute Atmosphere, some other wards and defenses, and various anti-spirit and anti-undead spells also eat at stamina. Being outside of a body or preservation jar burns a full stock of stamina in about eight hours. If one runs out of stamina inside a body, they can't move or even sense for at least an hour as they recover (during which time their body is unprotected). If an unanchored, un-jarred preserved one runs out of stamina they cease existing.

As decades and centuries pass, a dedicated preserved one can learn to improve themselves. They can increase their max stamina or how fast it builds. They increase the range they can sense and animate corpses by five to ten meters. They can also learn flexibility and variety in how they animate; such as animating less complete bodies (like skeletons), or less human ones, or detached parts of their body (within range), or even whole extra corpses (again, within range). Some learn ways (possibly requiring other spells), to refatten dead flesh with blood and pass as human very temporarily. Some of the most clever and ancient (never younger than two centuries) can even become a mobile wraith while disembodied.