# Untitled

A choir of angels descends, some score or two of them, and gently explain to humanity that they are there to guide, protect, and instruct them. The angels help us, heal us, defend us, accruing ever deeper debts of gratitude and more. All to the goal of cultivating humanity like brood stock, to make more children, the hearts of whom are the angels’ most coveted food and power source.

The angels begin to accrue an expanding network of devoted followers and servants. It looks so innocent from the outside no one would even call it a cult. The angels all have powerful thaumaturgy and are deft social manipulators. Your secret advantage means you know what they are and what they do. However, *their* secret magic means they know that you know.

Angels are basically human in appearance, though they shine with otherworldly radiance. They are all physically beautiful; seven to twelve feet tall; and each is endowed with a unique set of wings, usually a multitude that shines, and could mix light, feathers, skin, metal or jewels. Their eyes match their wings in some way. All angels can use their Thaumaturgy (cf Garment) to change some details of their appearance, and can adopt a masculine, feminine, combination or neuter aspect.

As a natural ability requiring no aether, their wings allow them to levitate and to fly, usually at great speeds.

Angels are empowered by consuming the whole, freshly harvested heart of a sapient being who has experienced minimal negative emotional states (eg, the ideal is that of a newborn infant human). It always restores any tax they currently have, and with more hearts they improve their Potentials, and can gain new Talents.

Thaumaturgy: *Vox Lux*

The Source aspect of the Angels requires they follow certain codes of conduct and make certain observances. These change year by year but are communicated long in advance. The conditions tend not to be onerous, and have a moralistic trend: “Wear modest dress throughout the summer,” “Eat a fish on March 1st,” “Consume no Hearts during the 3rd lunar month,” “Shed no blood between sunrise and sunset this year,” “Don’t touch a menstruating person for 10 days around the solstice.” Commandments for a given period can be different but will have similar themes for all users of Vox Lux. If they follow these commandments, their magic becomes less taxing (down to about 2/3rds after two years), but if they fail, they immediately become taxed at double the rate until they can do several rituals of penance over the course of a lunar month. They must speak to cast spells, but what emerges from their mouth is the sound of brassy trumpets and shining ribbons of golden light (no secretive casting for angels). [Internally, spells are performed with a mixture of complex ritual observance and intuition, meaning that were it possible to mentally disarrange an angel, they’d have trouble casting.] They can make golden light at will, but are otherwise inept at most Tricks by default. The Talent that renders a small group of angels so dangerous to an entire planet is their Imposition of Moral Order (see below), which lets them vastly enhance Sortition- and Keter-like powers (which Angels can *only* use in conjunction with Imposition). They also all have the Talent Garment (also see below), some healing powers (a la Loom with minor regeneration), and all of the choir that’s attacking Earth have expanded their Thaumaturgy with additional Talents and augmentations to their abilities. (eg, Michael can summon massive spears of burning molten light from the heavens; Madriel can use Garment for effects like Fell Form and Spatial Correlation Frame Realignment; Erithel has a talent to command and move plants, and has bits of Color Wheel; Meira can transform into something like light and travel at speeds reaching thousands of miles per hour; Festira can adopt nearly any shape, human or otherwise; Mordin has Master of Death and Trial of Oblivion; etc, etc)

### Imposition of Moral Order

There is a golden web between all thinking beings, and when one offers weal or woe to another it creates a knot in the threads between them; one who Imposes Moral Order can wield these tangles to work much more effective thaumaturgy counter to its direction.

Inherent: The user gains a sense of the bonds between people and how their actions affect those bonds. This aids insight into lies and misdirection, or if they have harmed or hindered one another, or have information useful to the user. And of course, instant and automatic awareness whenever another attempts to reify a debt towards them.

Spells: The Imposition of Moral Order spells are most extremely fast and require little aether. Skill improves divination results, but otherwise mostly applies when opposed.

- Reification of Debt: When one either benefits or “unjustly” harms you, you can create a kind of magical bond to them which can be used in various ways. Debts have magnitudes. The more direct and obvious, and the greater the effect of the action, the greater the magnitude. The longer it’s been since the inspiring action, and the less you know about the person inspiring it (identity, location, etc), the weaker. Harms include physical assault, lying, failure to adhere to a promise, reckless endangerment, stealing, etc. Benefits include gifts, favors, healing someone, or saving them from danger (even if it’s in the line of duty).
- Debts can be transferred and exchanged in various ways; sometimes even with people who lack the Imposition, though you must have a debt on them for that, and they usually need to consent. This allows, for example, “buying” debts against them by other people.
- Arguments: You can strengthen, weaken, or even annul debts based on “legalistic” arguments. These happen almost faster than thought, so a savvy caster should practice all the cleverness they can ahead of time. Obvious examples of cases you could annul: injuring someone and then healing them shouldn’t produce a debt, nor should provoking someone to attack you (or if they do, it should be in the other direction!). Cases where the debt can be at least reduced: doing one’s job (correctly), a favor the recipient didn’t ask for and don’t particularly want, or choosing not to kill someone even though they annoyed you and you could’ve. If you have a debt with someone, you can become their “defender”, and cast argumentation spells on their behalf; in this case some aether is required for range ( even “on another continent” doesn’t take a lot).
- Debt divination: a small amount of debt can be consumed by a spell to learn things about the source, such as their location or personal details (this has global range and ignores most wards).
- Most importantly, consuming some of a debt as part of another spell targeting the source of the debt can enhance the spell beyond the limits of normal thaumaturgy, sometimes achieving effects no amount of aether could. Debt enhanced spells can work at extreme range (other side of the world is not out of the question), can defeat barriers and defenses, or can have greatly improved skill effects and/or greatly increased efficiency.

Note: when an angel eats a heart, they cancel any and all debts directly related to that heart eating (eg, obviously the death itself, but kidnapping a pregnant woman is included, though burning her house down to do so is not).

### Garment

Passive: Clothes the user wears will behave according to their will, staying clean, never snagging, billowing dramatically on command, etc.

Spells:

- A user of Garment may cast a spell to permanently transform their body into a thing of interwoven flesh and light called the garment. This new body is half physical and half spiritual, rendering attacks that are solely one or the other much less effective. Aside from that they are supernaturally strong, durable, and enduring. What does affect them, they regenerate rapidly. They only need to breathe, drink, or eat to aid in this regeneration.
- Spells may repair the garment more rapidly or thoroughly.
- Similarly, there are spells to temporarily enhance the Garment’s physical abilities.
- Some angels can adopt a human (or other!) guise for a period.
- And the garment may be tailored, permanently changing some of its basic physical details, though angels cannot change their wings or eyes, or make themselves too much shorter.

Armaments: All angels have a unique set of gear they can summon (or create?), in moments, by instinct. Almost every one has a hand to hand weapon, a ranged weapon, a shield, and a suit of armor. If damaged or destroyed, they must be repaired via rituals that take days to weeks and much aether. The weapons must be physically wielded, but are similar to a Magic Weapon. The armor has aspects similar to Brass Skin with no mobility penalty and controllable heat aura. They all radiate light.

*Benefit*

You gain the Talent: Imposition of Moral Order (see above), and the Ally: Rogue Angel.

- Rogue Angel

Rouge Satin

She is short for an angel, at 8′; she has a tangle of six wings at her lower back, plus a pair at head and ankles; various shades of red seem to crawl across their feathers in bands, and her eyes are pupil-less swirls of red, matching her hair. She is a very passionate and earnest being, who desires to do no harm to innocents. Unlike the other angels, she means you no harm, so she was able to use Imposition to come to you directly. She explains her position as a rogue against the Choir: by even talking to you she has broken the cover that shielded her, and that now the other angels know she is their enemy, along with you. Her weapon is a halberd, her shield a teardrop, her ranged weapon a hunting bow, and her armor a hauberk. Unfortunately, she is overall weaker than the other angels because she managed to avoid eating hearts; probably on par with you. She enjoys knitting.

Thaumaturgy: *Vox Lux*: as for normal angels. She has a unique Talent called Angles: she can bend space a little, allowing her to cover ground very fast, almost teleporting, or make her enemy temporarily farther away (but not quite fast enough to use this in the middle of close combat), bend projectiles away from her or towards a target, make the space between bars large enough to step through, etc. When using her bow she can turn the arrows into beams of light with which she can do several tricks, including deflecting in mid air, bursting in a flash grenade like effect, or splitting apart like some kind of arrow shotgun. For her overall level, she’s good at using Garment to don a specific mortal body, and adequate at healing or reinforcing herself.

*Victory*

All angels destroyed, banished, or sealed from harming humans (eg, via sworn oath under Imposition of Moral Order).

- You gain a set of personal armaments, as if you were an angel.
- You gain most aspects of Vox Lux (not the heart eating). This includes their source aspect, their method aspect, and the Garment Talent. This lets you permanently weave light into your body. (Because of the nature of the light, this power, and this alone, may supersede being Stilled.)