# Untitled

This massive man is a wizard of the table, both figuratively and literally. As soon as he discovered that the world was full of strange new plants, animals, and minerals, he set out to explore their culinary potential. Along the way he discovered that by specially preparing and consuming magical ingredients, he gains magical power. He's also acquired an adamantium wok and orichalcum knives with many potent properties. Against supernatural foes, he might start prepping them before they've stopped moving. He's a boisterous happy fellow, and feels his true calling is to make food for people.

Thaumaturgy: *Mighty Metabolism*

Germaine stockpiles aether in his body by eating. Being heavily taxed makes him ill. He molds aether instinctually, either by preparing food or by some kind of instinctive effort. He has little ability to learn tricks, but with effort has managed to pick up north finding, fire starting, chilling, skin toughening and 'magical oven mitts'. He can prepare meals that are magically revitalizing, and grant small daylong boons. Of course his most notable Talent is to prepare magical ingredients into meals that grant him permanent enhancements and spells. This requires significant experimentation, as there are uncountable ways to prepare even just a few ingredients, and it's never clear what monster meta might give him what power. So while there's no telling how strong he might get, it's slow going. As of now, he is super-humanly strong and tough, has infrared vision, the ability to hear spirits, and blood that's immune to magical manipulation. He can cast spells to spit binding gobs of mucus, to inhale strength from everything in an arc in front of him, to grow crystalline spines, sprout suckers from his hands and feet, to find mushrooms (if he promises he isn't going to eat them first), or turn a fall into a fast glide.