# Untitled

She is short for an angel, at 8′; she has a tangle of six wings at her lower back, plus a pair at head and ankles; various shades of red seem to crawl across their feathers in bands, and her eyes are pupil-less swirls of red, matching her hair. She is a very passionate and earnest being, who desires to do no harm to innocents. Unlike the other angels, she means you no harm, so she was able to use Imposition to come to you directly. She explains her position as a rogue against the Choir: by even talking to you she has broken the cover that shielded her, and that now the other angels know she is their enemy, along with you. Her weapon is a halberd, her shield a teardrop, her ranged weapon a hunting bow, and her armor a hauberk. Unfortunately, she is overall weaker than the other angels because she managed to avoid eating hearts; probably on par with you. She enjoys knitting.

Thaumaturgy: *Vox Lux* (see description in Angelic Ascendancy)

She has a unique Talent called Angles: she can bend space a little, allowing her to cover ground very fast, almost teleporting, or make her enemy temporarily farther away (but not quite fast enough to use this in the middle of close combat), bend projectiles away from her or towards a target, make the space between bars large enough to step through, etc. When using her bow she can turn the arrows into beams of light with which she can do several tricks, including deflecting in mid air, bursting in a flash grenade like effect, or splitting apart like some kind of arrow shotgun. For her overall level, she’s good at using Garment to don a specific mortal body, and adequate at healing or reinforcing herself.