# Untitled

You’re somewhat doubtful of the 8” tall girl’s claims to be a fairy, considering the bat wings, tiny horns, spade-tipped tail, the little trident, or the way she cackles with glee whenever a child or small animal is hurt.... But you might turn a blind eye to it, since she’s certainly helpful. Jinx is insightful and perceptive, of both the physical world and of peoples’ characters. For all her magic, her ability to deliver the perfectly timed, perfectly devastating observation may be her most powerful weapon. Despite her gleefully arrogant personality you notice that she gets a charge out of playing domestic: she brings you coffee, keeps things clean, does light filing, and darns your socks (... sometimes after tearing them so that she has something to darn...).

Natural Power: *~~Demonic~~ Fey Magic*

For all her diminutive size, Jinx is a magical creature, absurdly durable, and stronger than you'd expect (that's still not very strong though). Her senses are literally supernatural letting her see through true darkness, simple concealment and most types of illusion. She can fly and hover, but it's tiring, like jogging. She can burn and freeze and throw sparks at lethal strength (though too many would tire her out fast), but has delicate enough control to charge a cellphone. She can warp the air to conceal herself from sight or hearing, or to clear away scent trails, or hurl herself about at breakneck speeds. Her trident is part of her and regrows from her tail if she loses it, and it produces a potent paralytic venom. She can produce a limited number of doses of ~~brimstone~~ pixie dust per day; according to her will it can act supernatural smelling salt or stimulant, or a powerful deliriant (people under its influence often report believing they can fly). She has a magical storage space that can hold about 10lbs.