# Untitled

You have 100pts to spend on Talents.

A Talent is a thaumaturgical aspect that allows you to do things with magic that those without that Talent generally cannot. Unlike tricks, thaumaturges can always intuitively figure out the spells or spells derived from a Talent, with all of their Methods (as permitted by a restricted thaumaturgy).

Possessing a Talent changes you permanently, granting an inherent effect. There is no escaping this, it usually grants a beneficial effect, but sometimes negative or neutral changes. Under “Spells”, specific spells or categories of spells are under each bullet point. Some Talents have multiple levels, these either grant new categories of spell, or improve the ones from previous levels (indicated with a ‘^’ symbol).

Note that while two Thaumaturges may have Talents that are identifiably similar (enough that many names are common to describe them, and to make guesses about a Thaumaturge’s abilities), there are always variations; even the versions that two True Mages get will have differences.

This list is not exhaustive, there are other Talents out there, and as a True Mage you have a chance to acquire a form of them. On the other hand, there are zero guarantees that most of these Talents could be found in the wild. [Goal: I really want to find a way to express the Player Character separation; that even though the Player is picking these, the Character just received them at some indistinct time in the past few years.

[mention in the Talent if it is especially common (Warp and Weft, Pouch Beast) or especially rare (the immortalities? Aspectcraft?), also maybe typical variations for non-true thaumaturges. Amount of power put into the spell should reference aether, not Power]

[Consider adding a self-alteration talent; some details on note under Unchanging Form 2]

[approximate plan for editing: the new intro establishes that aether (at a given efficiency) always affects duration and magnitude (in whatever form), and I think we should add range to that, and everything should be reiterated here in this top matter. I think a top matter here should convey a “default” amount of aether, and probably some ideas about skill. We may want to make a few “tiers” of “defaults”, because I feel like, eg, a transformation spell like Fell Hand is usually going to cost more than, eg, divination or something like Perspective or Door Lord.

The intro proposal establishes that skill affects aether efficiency and generally success rate at casting. Taken together, this means that each “spells” entry should include notes on what the expected scale is for range and duration, and what magnitude refers to if it’s not obvious; then it should cover something on the skill element, like what sort of things make a spell more or less likely to succeed, and maybe what counts as “complex enough” that a thaumaturge of typical skill can’t count on success most of the time.

We may want to mention some “typical costs” so we don’t have to repeat ourselves constantly throughout the page, like… information spells are usually trivial in aether cost, or light or whatever.

We already mention it in the intro proposal, but we can also reinforce some of the flexibility of spell casting up here; like that divination spells can usually be cast as either instant (giving you immediate information about things in range) or with a duration (basically giving you a supernatural sense). And that many spells with a duration can either have a specific task (eg, Dark Smoke can be directed to just start busting a log into firewood) or be generically controllable (you just have a cloud of Dark Smoke that goes where you will it) ]