# Untitled

Spells:

- You gain spells to place nearby metal under your control. Each cast affects a coherent mass of metal within a range of 3 meters, which you can manipulate with near instinctual ease for the duration of the spell (between a couple minutes and an hour depending on strength, control, and extent of use). You can add or subtract vast amounts of kinetic energy with unerring dexterity to metal you control: able to quickly propel it to the speed of a high-caliber bullet, tear it apart and fuse it back together, and move it unaided through the air. One notable limitation is that any kinetic energy you added to an object, once it exits the power’s range, seems to be almost actively countered: a steel marble might leave your range traveling faster than a bullet, but it will be traveling slower than one from a slingshot no more than 5 meters farther. It is prohibitively difficult to actively manipulate multiple masses at once without cognitive enhancement, but certain effects can persist while your attention is away (maintaining trajectory, etc.).
- You can project an aura of force that affects all otherwise uncontrolled metal in its radius (1 to 3 meters, depending on aether). Typical uses include deflecting bullets entering the aura, or violently wrenching any metal entering to the ground. It can slow, stop, move, or repel any metallic object if you have cast a sufficiently strong spell. Aether bleeds from this spell upon casting it, but cast at average strength can last for an hour of light use, perhaps only seconds if pushed to its limits.