# Untitled

Glittering diagrams expanding through time and space unfold within your mind as you consider your thaumaturgy. Ritualists prepare sanctified spaces and perform lengthy, elaborate rituals within them to cast magic. Those most compatible with Ritual Magic are methodical and precise thinkers, with a meticulous, exacting nature, good memory, and an eye for detail. A perfectly performed ritual is a perfectly cast magical effect, so to improve your control, you must spend hours improving your rituals through intuitive experimentation; though reading about the work and points of view of other ritualists can also help. Sanctifying a space is a protracted endeavor, even the sloppiest rush job will take hours; most ritualists fine tune their ritual spaces over the course of *years*. These spaces might just be a chalk circle with objects at points and blessings said over it; or they can be a natural grove of redwoods with elemental aspects artfully arranged; a marble chamber inscribed with arcane sigils and burning incense; or even an abandoned factory, with steel-worked altars and arcs of electricity for light. Ritualists can share sanctified spaces, but will need to fine tune their rituals, with a poorly adapted one greatly penalizing their aether manipulation. Rituals take much more time to cast than any other method: something another method casts instantly could take minutes for you, and complicated rituals may literally take place over days. Rituals vary, but most require chanting and substantial physical movement. If you become unable to perform your rituals (eg, you lose a limb) you will have to start almost from square one designing new rituals.

Given sufficient quality and specificity of their sanctum and rituals, Ritualists can achieve power efficiencies not just unattainable but unimaginable through other Methods.