# Untitled

A youth to all appearances, but you suspect the slender framed, androgynous Alex is significantly older than you. They recall nothing of their life before they met you, but have deep technical knowledge of medicine, and sometimes surprise you with their insight. They match no missing person's reports, but you haven’t given up on their past yet. The fracturing of their memories has left them timid and unsure, but with support and time, they'll develop a more complete identity.

Thaumaturgy: *Lifeforming*

Alex say they draw aether from “the lifestream,” it has reduced efficiency in places with less "life", such as space or the antarctic. They cast by molding and whispering to something invisible in their hands; they need at least one hand free to do it. Their method is less effective affecting anything physical and non-living. They know only a handful of tricks, including a simple shield, ones for light, and some to manage temperature and humidity. They have the most potent healing magic any human thaumaturge ever could, effective on every form of malady. They seem to “reverse time” for recent injuries (they can repair objects too), and for other issues they copy bits and pieces of a person's from parallel timelines, healing them towards the best they theoretically could be. Anyone healed by Alex is healthier for at least some time after. Regular treatment from Alex will diminish the effects of age and greatly extend someone's lifespan. It takes a maximum draw but they can restore a person from the dead if there's enough of their body left and it's been less than a few hours.