# Untitled

A piece of parchment, it carves into your mind the secrets of an ancient, semi-divine elixir. There are uncountable ways to make it; you instinctively know them all. Especially that it always requires intrinsically magical ingredients that cannot be easily cultivated: every dose requires time and effort, and mass production is impossible. One dose is an ounce of thick syrup with an impossible to describe color and taste. It keeps forever unless contaminated. Taking a dose fills one with glory that sustains them for about a day, even without air, as well as other effects, eg protection from disease and increased tax recovery. However, in most it induces a delirious, psychedelic state. Some believe the visions are prophetic. Adequate mental preparation, easier for mages, instead delivers a potent trance state that can be used two ways:

- Meditating in stillness, a user can focus on injuries or diseases, healing them faster and better than unaided nature could; they can even dispel some curses and other metaphysical maladies. Concentrating on their conduit, thaumaturges may cleanse tax at triple effectiveness.
- Otherwise, the user develops a heightened sense of space and kinesthetics, granting preternatural control over their body. With a little training they can move with perfect stealth, still their hands for surgery or sniping, or become a whirling dervish in melee. They learn physical skills more easily as well.

If you manage to make more than you want for yourself, and find the right buyers, you could become wealthy selling it. No one can learn to make soma, they must inherit the secrets. You must forget the secrets to pass them on. This inheritance can never uncoerced, any *hint* of threat simply prevents transfer.