# Setting

### Background !incomplete

The world has changed.

Though in many places, in many ways, it looks the same as it did before. Great monuments still stand, cities light up the night, and people act as they always have. Even now, some deny the new shape of the world. But it is quickly becoming undeniable. Inexorable.

There's a simple word for it: magic. Magic is real. Strange things stalk the dark and wild places of the world. Fragments of knowledge and tattered remnants of memories cling to people, giving them glimpses of a world clearly not our own. Relics of inhuman design are unearthed beneath stone and soil, hidden in ways that should not have been possible. Everyone knows someone--someone ordinary, a neighbor or a friend--who can now shape reality with a gesture and a word.

The history books will call it the **Incursion**. Even now, you've heard the word whispered in fearful or awed tones. Out of disjointed scraps of knowledge, you've constructed a narrative: another world--a parallel dimension or something harder to imagine--died, and its unfathomable wreckage is colliding and fusing with your own.

Most believe that this other world was one of fantasy, and in its shattering it scattered fragments of magical power and artifice throughout our world. The border between our worlds was thin, even before, and that influence gave rise to our legends and stories. Others are less sure, perhaps it wasn’t really a “world” as we envision such a thing, but a blob of energy, of an alternative kind of physics, that in fusing with our world has taken on shapes out of human unconsciousness. Other less comprehensible theories multiply. In one respect they are all the same: once there was something Other, and now it is here.

tl;dr: The remnants of another world or dimension collided with ours in an event called the Incursion, bringing magic and stranger things into our world.

Expandable:

### Other Beings

There are many new types of being in this world. Most of the sapient ones are strange spirit beings (dressed in physical but often ancillary bodies) that dwell in folded dimensional pockets on the other sides of hills, the wrong sides of shadows, the other world in mirrors, and so on. They bear a curious resemblance to stories of spirits, the fae, giants, and daemons throughout history, but be careful, because not everything in legends is true. There may be millions, but most don’t regularly interact with the human world—though whether out of desire or because they're in some way bound is unclear.

The great dragons exist now as only fragments of power and thought, but manticores, trolls and things with no earthly analog haunt forests and mountains, and some few strange things manage to pass themselves off as members of human society. Their populations are currently small, often isolated, but given their high adaptation to the increasingly magical world, that is likely to change over the next few decades.

[background in-depth here] (more specific population numbers and the like here? Bestiary? I’m not sure how much I want to spell out: on the one hand, super cool shit, on the other, one of the things I’ve often enjoyed about CYOAs is how the options usually just hint at the edges of the shape of the new world.)

### Practice of Magic

### Thaumaturgy & True Mages

**Thaumaturgy** is the ability to work magic and cast spells, and a being with the ability to do so is called a thaumaturge or mage. Thaumaturges work magic through **aspects**, their connections to **aether** and the special ways they shape it. Most thaumaturges (~99.9%) are stuck with the set of aspects they are originally granted, though they can continue to grow in power and control over time, and can almost always continue to learn **tricks**, the small spells that make up the bulk of everyday casting. **True mages**, of which you are one, are unfettered in magical ability. A true mage can arbitrarily mix and match aspects at will, while normal thaumaturges' aspects are so intertwined that they might not even think of them as separate things; most just have one name for their full thaumaturgy. A true mage’s greatest ability is that they can even gain new aspects with significant work and luck. A true mage’s aspects are always the least constrained, most general version of an aspect possible.

Expandable:

*Example:* Ophelia is a normal thaumaturge with the Source Waerloga, two Methods (Wizard and Psychic), and three Talents (Door Lord, Sortition, and Glamour). A true mage would be able to cast spells from her Talents *either* as a Wizard or as a Psychic, but Ophelia is not so lucky. She must cast Door Lord as a Psychic (by force of will, without words or gestures), and must cast both Sortition and Glamour as a Wizard (with loud chants and practiced gestures). In addition, while a true mage would have access to the full nature of her aspects, Ophelia has more limited forms. Her version of Psychic requires intense meditation before being able to cast, and her Wizardry requires her to read directly from a personal spellbook. Not only that, but her Sortition has been drastically nerfed, as she's only able to access a small slice of the greater Talent: that of reading her own fortunes. Similar to Ophelia’s restrictions of some Talents to some Methods, other thaumaturges have multiple Sources and are restricted as to which Methods or Talents they can use with each Source. Ophelia, not being an academic or strong tactician, doesn't even think of herself have different aspects; to her it's just how her magic works. Being a standard thaumaturge sure does seem limiting! Much better to be a true mage like you.

### *Improvement*

Every thaumaturge, true or otherwise, can improve their control over their Method aspects. And almost all have some potential to grow in Power and Capacity, though doing so is often grueling. As a true mage, you are essentially already at your peak potential in Capacity and Power, yet you can even raise that ceiling with long years of arduous effort. Additionally, you have the unique ability to gain new aspects: Sources, Methods and Talents. But for this there are no guarantees, and simple study is unlikely to be enough. You may need to face life and death challenges, go on quests and adventures, or find new perspectives from which to study the abilities of others.

### Tricks

Tricks are smaller spells that nearly every thaumaturge can cast, and are the bulk of everyday magic. Unlike Talent-derived spells, individual tricks are limited in scope, and most must be learned specifically. Methods heavily affect how you can learn and use tricks. Nearly every Method includes a spectrum of tricks that can be intuited; but also restricts your ability to learn some specific tricks, based on their details and provenance.

Tricks include things like creating light or heat, general telekinesis, healing and protection, divinations, and more. A thaumaturge with a decent array of tricks is at least a match for most non-magical threats and is capable of living in comfort in normal conditions.

Expandable:

The number of potential tricks seems limitless, but here is a non-exhaustive list of types of things tricks can do:

- Light: Create a light. Different ones might make something glow, or a part of you glow, or a ball of light that follows you. Alternatively, a trick might allow you to see through near darkness.
- Figments: You can usually use tricks to create sounds and light in such a way that it can make noise or a simple picture in the air.
- Translator: A translation trick is slow to work, the voice it creates is without affect, and the quality of translation is approximately around a contextless machine translation.
- Messenger: Many tricks can guide a written message to a destination you can visualize clearly enough. There are also tricks to send one-way, unsecured mental messages to recipients in visual range.
- Manipulation: There are various telekinesis tricks with different trade-offs (speed, specificity, range, finesse, etc.). Some utility tricks might carry out automated tasks, while others need to be directly controlled.
- Transport: Conjure a disk of force that hovers six inches over the ground and propels you at great speed. Run faster than a car. Levitate. Cast small fortunes to reduce traffic congestion and help you hit the green lights.
- Conjure Objects: Craft matter out of aether, creating temporary or sometimes permanent objects. Summon food and water, though you often must choose to emphasize either nutrition or taste.
- Gun: A bolt of telekinetic energy, about the strength of firing a handgun, though most tricks of this type have no risk of overpenetration, and are naturally accurate, but have less “bullet” expansion, and trouble penetrating armor.
- Defense: Conjure weightless armor or shields of force that protect against physical assaults.
- Environmental Protection: Simple shields can block UV rays, or rain, or protect against excessive heat or cold (though it takes an above average trick to handle being very wet, or antarctic extremes).
- Know North: The easiest divination spell. Also tricks for determining where you are or were on Earth.
- Detect Spell Casting: Detect if and approximately where a spell is being cast.
- Locator: There are lots of tricks for detecting specific physical things: water, the nearest tree, the owner of some blood you have, etc. Most have tradeoffs, with limited range, disruption by all kinds of interference, and/or insecure against spying by other mages.
- Extend Breath: Quadruples your breath-holding capacity. Another related trick allows you to breathe easily at extreme altitudes.
- First Aid: Tricks to clean and clot flesh wounds, soothe burns, oxygenate blood, and more.
- Immunity Boost: You need to be skilled to make these tricks work especially well, but the right one can help you against viruses and diseases.
- Purify: Cleanse and remove rot from food or water.

### Casting a Spell

You, a thaumaturge, access aether via your Source aspect. You draw aether for the spell into your conduit. Note that the conduit does not store aether, so any extra drawn is wasted. Your conduit is taxed (or you may experience other trade-offs, depending on your Source), and the degree of tax (or other drawbacks) is based on your Capacity and Power (Capacity represents an upper limit of tax a thaumaturge can sustain, and Power gives the amount of tax caused by drawing a given amount of aether). The maximum number of **circes** (units of aether) you can draw for one casting is based on your Power. You shape the aether into a spell via a Method aspect. Individual spell casters have different levels of control in using any given Method, mostly based on practice. Better control means more precise and sometimes more efficient results. Spells can be divided into two broad categories: tricks, and those that require an appropriate Talent.

Expandable:

*Example*: Flo is a thaumaturge with 6 Capacity, 5 Power, and aspects with elements of Arcane Font (a Source), Pyromancy (a Method), and Storm Within (a Talent). She wants to cast a spell to send an electric charge through a steel cable she’s touching to injure or kill a person touching it elsewhere. With Arcane Font, she draws several kilocirces of aether into her conduit from the ambient geomantic magic, reducing the ambient supply by the same amount, and giving her conduit a small tax (the rate of this tax is determined by her Power--in this case she takes on less tax than someone with 2 Power, but more than someone with 7 Power, even if they all drew in the same amount of aether). She uses Pyromancy to form the spell, speaking passionate words from the flame in her heart, causing a burst of light and heat from her mouth. The Storm Within talent allows creating electric potential; if she didn’t have it the spell she shaped would have to be a trick. Using a trick would take a least a couple seconds, and have a ceiling on the amount of charge she could make: powerful, but not strong enough to kill a healthy adult. However, she does have the Storm Within Talent, which allows her to cast a spell utilizing that special magic within her. Compared to the trick, she can create charge rapidly, more of it per circe, and with as much aether behind it as her Power allows. Perhaps the enemy is alerted by the sound and light not far from him, but probably too late to avoid the massive shock Flo gives him.

### *Compatibility and Control*

Each Method aspect has something known as compatibility; these are the factors that affect how easily the thaumaturge using that Method can improve their control through it. Almost all Methods also require practicing spells, but, for example, if two Thaumaturges both use Pyromancy, a very apathetic person would need to train for several years to acquire the same skill level as a passionate one did in a single year.

### *Other Elements of Casting a Spell*

Some Talents allow you to cast more general or more specific spells of the same basic type. A more focused spell is more efficient, faster, and demands less of your attention while running. For instance, if you have the Dark Smoke Talent, you may cast a spell to bring forth the cloud, and then direct it as you will, or, if you have a clear picture of the specific task you want it to do, you can cast one that summons the cloud and sets it directly to work on that. A Storm Within spell might infuse you with enhanced jumping powers, or be used for one specific jump.

Talents are not walled gardens, and one spell can combine elements available from separate Talents. This is more about convenience and casting time than any special synergy effects. For example, you can cast a spell that draws on Fell Form and Call of the Deep in order to gain an underwater-adapted war form. You could cast Steel Step and Dark Smoke together to craft something that requires shaping complex metal parts.

Some spells (and all of those made through certain Methods; eg, creating a Scrivener’s talisman or Artificer’s device, creating a golem, animating an undead servant) cause a piece of your Capacity to be reserved for the duration of the magical effect. This is like a tax that is permanent as long as the spell exists, and heals normally after release.

[Add a note for transformation magic or other persistant effect--more aether/skill increases length of spell, and it is usually possible to re-up it before it runs out]

### Abilities and Limitations of Magic

Magic energy cannot be generated by mundane means. Magic defies known ideas about physical conservation (whether matter, energy, or information). Almost all thaumaturges can defend themselves from small caliber weapons, and most can be as lethal as that (a great many are significantly more dangerous than any one person with a gun). A majority of thaumaturges have transportation magic of some sort, often superior to technological means in some way. Quite a few can fly. And a fair number of thaumaturges can create food and water, or at least summon it; some can greatly reduce their need for sustenance.